ACCS-726: Add a numeric attribute format sample (#813)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/product-details/containers/product-attributes.mdx

  options={[
    ['Option', 'Type', 'Req?', 'Description'],
    ['scope', 'string', 'No', 'Unique identifier for the PDP context. Only containers rendered with this scope will respond to product events.'],

>     ['formatValue', '(value, id, label) => string', 'No', 'Custom formatter for attribute display values.'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ['formatValue', '(value, id, label) => string', 'No', ''A function that formats an attribute value for display. Receives the raw value, attribute ID, and label; returns the string to display.''],
```

Author: @bdenham Thanks for the review!
FYI, it seems that `''` are introduced twice in the change, you may not intended it. 
> `''A function that formats an attribute value for display. Receives the raw value, attribute ID, and label; returns the string to display.''`

return productRenderer.render(ProductAttributes, {
  scope: 'modal', // optional
});
```

### Formatting numeric attributes

> Numeric attributes from the catalog (e.g., `10.000000`) are displayed as-is by default. To format them, use the `formatValue` prop with your own formatter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Numeric attributes from the catalog (for example, `10.000000`) appear exactly as stored. To change how a number displays, pass a formatting function to the `formatValue` prop:
```
